How many people speak Gujarati in Gujarat?
Which state has the largest number of Odia speakers?
How many people in Assam speak Assamese?
Count the number of Kannada speakers in rural areas of Karnataka.
Which state has the most people speaking Konkani?
How many women are literate among the Muslim population in India?
Which state has the highest number of literate Hindu women?
How many Christians in Kerala are currently working?
Find the total number of illiterate Jains in Rajasthan.
Which religion has the lowest female literacy rate in Uttar Pradesh?
How many Sikh men live in rural Punjab?
Which state has the highest number of Buddhists living in cities?
How many people speak Maithili in Bihar?
Which state has the most Santali speakers?
How many people list English as their language in Maharashtra?
What is the total number of Kashmiri speakers in Jammu & Kashmir?
How many Nepali speakers live in Sikkim?
Which state has the largest Sindhi-speaking population?
How many Dogri speakers are there in India?
In which state is the gender gap in literacy the highest for Muslims?
Which state has the highest percentage of working women among Christians?
How many Buddhist children (0-6) are there in Maharashtra?
Which state has the largest population of illiterate men?
Which state has the largest population of illiterate women?
How many Hindus live in the urban areas of West Bengal?
How many Muslims live in the rural areas of Bihar?
Which state has the most Jain men?
Which state has the most Sikh women?
How many people speak Sanskrit in India?
Which state has the highest number of Tulu speakers?
Compare the number of Hindi speakers in rural vs urban Madhya Pradesh.
Which religious group has the highest workforce participation in India?
How many women are non-workers among the Sikh population in Punjab?
Which state has the highest number of literate Buddhist men?
How many people speak Bodo in Assam?
Which state has the most Manipuri speakers?
How many people speak Mizo in Mizoram?
Which state has the largest population of Khasi speakers?
How many Garo speakers live in Meghalaya?
Which state has the most Bhili/Bhilodi speakers?
How many Gondi speakers are there in Chhattisgarh?
Which state has the highest number of Kurukh/Oraon speakers?
How many people speak Mundari in Jharkhand?
Which state has the most Ho speakers?
How many Khandeshi speakers are there in Maharashtra?
Which religious community has the most people living in rural India?
Which religious community is the most urbanized in India?
How many Jain women are literate in Gujarat?
Which state has the highest number of Christian men?
How many Muslim men are illiterate in Bihar?